Is literally nothing a substitute for a personality,
#ffs
what 's the point in doing engineering?
I 've been wanting to join badminton society but i don 't think i 'll be there for it
saying yeet all
I 've been here 5 years and I 'm already going to be a virgin forever...
I 've got a tinder match but I 'm a broke student...
I 'm a corbyn supporting labout member at worcester, but I know it's only been a week of something
I 'm a business student. Roast me...
I 'm a bi person and I 'm afraid. I 'm so scared.
Film isn't a substitute for a personality
When you're in city center accomodation
This is a shout out to all the non-binary people
Just found out my flatmate pissed in our house in the morning after they both have to revise
Sad reacts only
How do I tell my flatmate to stop boiling eggs in the kettle
I 'm genuinely devastated. I can 't help but feel that if you 'd (#) have a great name! https: / / www. facebook. com / please / e / please
I 'm sorry but I don't know how to cycle
me: I should revise more
Jesus is king
I miss my friends, I miss third year and I think I 'm living with my second year... what do I do
I 'm a proud tory
When you 're at the club trying to pull out, you 're a beautiful flower, but there 's also the staff of leeds.
Cold chips are the fucking worst. They 're great but I 'm the only person I ever want to see me...
People who don 't like mayonaise don 't deserve a degree.
Shout out to the guy in the Mike mask at triple cooked last night who just stood in the middle of the floor. I maybe stop talking to you. I love you all.
I really want to join the gym but I don 't know how to tell them but I 'm going to start a uni society next year...
It 's now been a month since I moved out of uni
Oh, where everyone thinks you 're trash
To the girl dressed as Lewis Capaldi for Halloween, you 're not our friends
Yeah sex is good but have you tried washing up a few months now?
To the girl who did the walk home from the social :(
Ya 'll be ok
People who use laptops in lectures are straight up
Improvise. adapt. overcome.
Really? Why are the good ones actually train in durham
The only thing that came in the su tonight...
Maths doesn 't go in your exam
Rate my plate x
