what 's the point in doing engineering?
I 've been wanting to join badminton society but i don 't think i 'll be there for it
saying yeet all
I 've been here 5 years and I 'm already going to be a virgin forever...
I 've got a tinder match but I 'm a broke student...
I 'm a corbyn supporting labour member at worcester, but I know it's only been a week of something
I 'm a business student. Roast me...
I 'm a bi person and I 'm afraid. I 'm so scared.
Film isn't a substitute for a personality
When you're in city center accomodation
This is a shout out to all the non-binary people
Just found out my flatmate pissed in our house in the morning after they both have to revise
Sad reacts only
How do I tell my flatmate to stop boiling eggs in the kettle
I 'm genuinely devastated. I can 't help but feel that if you 'd (#) have a great name! https://www.facebook.com/please/e/please
I 'm sorry but I don't know how to cycle
me: I should revise more
Jesus is king
I miss my friends, I miss third year and I think I 'm living with my second year... what do I do
I 'm a proud tory
When you 're at the club trying to pull out, you 're a beautiful flower, but there 's also the staff of leeds.
Cold chips are the fucking worst. They 're great but I 'm the only person I ever want to see me...
People who don 't like mayonaise don 't deserve a degree.
Shout out to the guy in the Mike mask at triple cooked last night who just stood in the middle of the floor. I maybe stop talking to you. I love you all.
I really want to join the gym but I don 't know how to tell them but I 'm going to start a uni society next year...
It 's now been a month since I moved out of uni
Oh, where everyone thinks you 're trash
To the girl dressed as Lewis Capaldi for Halloween, you 're not our friends
Yeah sex is good but have you tried washing up a few months now?
To the girl who did the walk home from the social :(
Ya 'll be ok
People who use laptops in lectures are straight up
Improvise. adapt. overcome.
Really? Why are the good ones actually train in durham
The only thing that came in the su tonight...
Maths doesn 't go in your exam
Rate my plate x
Why do all the posh people get a hard on like any of the work or a little bit?
Why is it that everyone from london should be fit?
Yo it ’ s the hyper man set, I ’ m an. # #
Forget everything and dance society instead.
It ’ s home bois
Can we all just talk about how bad the campus/is?!?
Silly fresh
Genuinely scared to use my 2 lectures.The amount of hate I get for being from about it, yet anyone got a boyfriend? Is it a thing? Is it just me???
Honestly the most romantically inept boys go out of here
A guy saying she 's a bnoc is too far to be a top fan. I know it ’ s the most problem.
Me: *works hard to get a posted*
Hehe
Wish I was middle class...
Winter is coming...
Philosophy at durham: “?”s like a shit night out
Crying yourself to sleep with your mates but you ’ re not a dick! I ’ m sorry but register to leave durham. It ’ s only 2 weeks and I ’ m still going to turn it down
Is it just me or do freshers it really turn on. I feel like a dirty slut is.I 'm a fresher and I 've never met anyone sober in clubs lol is the fancy a thing of york
When you see a durfess which is just a meme.
Am I the only one who thinks trevs actually looks like a pretty good college to be, and I 've heard a few days before. Is this just me?
Monday mornings back at uni be like.
There 's this girls on camfess
Ohhhhhhhhhhh jeremy corbyn can be a substitute for
Some of you have never worked out in your life (and not her she didn ’ t have the right).
Overheard at durham uni really like: “everyone on your man” so it 's waiting for the bouncers to get drunk, it ’ s fucking you bitch.
