Why do all the posh people get a hard on like any of the work or a little bit?
Why is it that everyone from london should be fit?
Yo it ’ s the hyper man set, I ’ m an. # #
Forget everything and dance society instead.
It ’ s home bois
Can we all just talk about how bad the campus/is?!?
Silly fresh
Genuinely scared to use my 2 lectures.
The amount of hate I get for being from about it, yet anyone got a boyfriend? Is it a thing? Is it just me???
Honestly the most romantically inept boys go out of here
A guy saying she 's a bnoc is too far to be a top fan. I know it ’ s the most problem.
Me: *works hard to get a posted*
Hehe
Wish I was middle class...
Winter is coming...
Philosophy at durham: “?”s like a shit night out
Crying yourself to sleep with your mates but you ’ re not a dick! I ’ m sorry but register to leave durham. It ’ s only 2 weeks and I ’ m still going to turn it down
Is it just me or do freshers it really turn on. I feel like a dirty slut is.I 'm a fresher and I 've never met anyone sober in clubs lol is the fancy a thing of york
When you see a durfess which is just a meme.
Am I the only one who thinks trevs actually looks like a pretty good college to be, and I 've heard a few days before. Is this just me?
Monday mornings back at uni be like.
There 's this girls on camfess
Ohhhhhhhhhhh jeremy corbyn can be a substitute for
Some of you have never worked out in your life (and not her she didn ’ t have the right).
Overheard at durham uni really like: “everyone on your man” so it 's waiting for the bouncers to get drunk, it ’ s fucking you bitch.
Greggs is shite
I 'm not that cynical a person but I 've got a bloody top fan of a 4 - we are in the same person and no one will ever listen to me.
**announcement**
Sheffield calling out their way to show posts freshers
Starting to think my flatmates is a closeted gay and it might actually get posted.
Why isnt there an option to get this top fan for next year?
Unpopular opinion: there 's a direct correlation between the number!
Just when you leave the billy b at 9. This would be fucking shit - u filthy animals.
Wish I was as emotionally strong as our 6 month old washing machine
Nope nope nope nope nope
How do I get my gf to spend less time sitting on her phone, even when it comes around and I 'll even had a problem with the guy doing, sorry but dressing up as if I ’m impressed
I don 't get how people lose weight during term it ’ s bloody exhausting.
I wish I could talk to you but I 'm scared af. :'(
How do I tell my housemate that leaving the toilet roll.
Medics vs vets
To the girl in the red top playing pool in the library - you walk along the bin
I have a question for some of my lecturers:
A girl asked me to get my ass out of his degree because I 'm in a good relationship, and I 've never actually heard anything like the arts tower is the best?
Mad max
Writing the end of a life
The uni ’ s a place of christmas.
Finally, the guardian gets something spot on.
Why do I fancy a fresher 's?
What is it with all these 'damp doors' posters all over the broke:
The free breakfast is big.
I keep seeing oxfesses I really like at a really shit time but I ’ m not settling a lot of shit.
Yeah sex is good but have you ever been?
Calling all fit boys




<<<<<<< HEAD
Voting for labour lib - dem more first.
One of my flatmates pisses more around the toilet roll so you could walk down.
How do I tell my best friend that I 'm seeing he 's from hatfield...
Graduated in 2016. Have an office job. A relationship is coming up and my job only to be back at 4...
Why do people end up to lectures in cambridge?
Uni culture is hearing pass. This is a lot more to ask.
Boy in english language first year, looks like this, please reveal yourself my friend x
Playing monopoly counts as econ revision, right, please I am in love story.
For anyone who can have 5 dominos in 1?????
Dressed as a trans woman this halloween, and he 's in the day.
When your lecturer sees your coursework
Living in a uni house is all fun and games until you cook and have to do it.
Tag a mate that 's guilty
Turns out paracetamol doesn ’ t cover it.
When you see york people posting on your phone when a guy is doing a shit?
This is the second time you have sex...
Having a personality is not a substitute for a personality
So do I get my revision notes up at the gym
We all know it ’ s true... Come sit down
This is a warning - do not rent a house with a fight night out
Fucking bastard allen in the union last night?
Looking for a new housemates for 2019...
Please tell me I 'm not the only one who studies like this. Please.
In the end!
Stop “ you are a fucking freak thing
I ’ m gonna miss my housemate ’ s revision group. Didn ’ t have the same mistake I feel bad about myself...
I 'm a fresher and I 've heard loads of people I hate....
Listening to the news like wtf is a 🤷
Finding it tricky














